clarify leeway 0 does not mean token cannot be reused at all (#3309)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/refresh-tokens/main/index.md

}
```

> > **Note:** A leeway of 0 does not necessarily mean that the previous token is immediately invalidated. There is still a minimal window where the previous token can be reused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** A leeway of 0 does not necessarily mean that the previous token is immediately invalidated. The previous token is invalidated once the new token is generated and returned in the response.
```
